Strike codes
Each drone strike recorded by the Bureau has a unique code. They begin with B for the Bush-era strikes and Ob for the Obama-era strikes.
				
Tribal Agency/Province				
Pakistan's Federally Administereed Tribal Area (FATA) is divided into seven tribal agencies.Almost all the strikes have hit within the FATA. The exception is a strike in KPK, which is outside the tribal areas.				
				
Latitude and Longitude				
The locations of almost every strike is identified in the sources used to compile the database. The Bureau identified and plotted the latitude and longitude using a CIA map of Waziristan, declassified in 2007. Locations of strikes are reported to hit in or near specific towns or villages. But they do not specify which houses or streets are attacked. Therefore the latitude and longitude give a false degree of accuracy and specificity to the target location.				
				
Acronyms				
NWA	North Waziristan Agency			
SWA	South Waziristan Agency			
KPK	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province			
				
Times of day				
Morning	0500-1159			
Afternoon	1200-1759			
Evening	1800-2159			
NIght	2200-0459			
Unknown	Reports of time period were at times contradictory or overly vague and do not fall into one of the above four categories			
				
Targets				
Domestic buildings	Where drones attack buildings, these are often described as ‘compounds’ and sometimes even ‘militant compounds’. However, local sources confirm that these are typically domestic buildings that are often rented or commandeered by militant groups.			
Religious buildings	A madrassa is a seminary – a religious school. These are usually residential facilities that educate children and youths. A very small proportion of all attacks have hit madrassas or mosques, but they have tended to have very high death tolls.			
Other buildings	A small number of strikes have targeted buildings that are neither domestic buildings nor madrassas and mosques. These include commercial buildings and disused government buildings.			
Target Unclear	Reporting is sometimes vague about what was hit in a strike – and sometimes media reports contradict one another in terms of what type of target was attacked. In these cases, we consider the target as ‘unclear’.			
Vehicles	This category encompasses cars, pick-up trucks, four-wheel drives and motorbikes.			
				
Structural damage				
1	Minimal damage			
2	Moderate damage			
3	Severe damage			
4	Completely destroyed			
-	Unreported			
The damage was not consistently reported in each strike, and was not consistent in each report of the strike. There were instances when strikes had more than one number assigned to it. For example, when some sources reported the building was totally destroyed but others only reported severe damage the strike was assigned 3-4.				
				
Missiles Fired				
The number of missiles fired in each strike was inconsistently reported. We recorded the total number of missiles reportedly fired as a range to incorporate this inconsistency.				
				
Casualties				
Total Reported Killed	The Bureau classifies all individuals killed in drone strikes as people.			
Civilians Reported Killed	All those people who are credibly reported as civilians are recorded as such. The Bureau also records casualties described as 'tribesmen', 'locals' and 'people' as possible civilians.			
Children Reported Killed	The Bureau counts children as aged 0-17 inclusive.			
Total Injured	People are reported injured in many strikes and are counted here.			
The Bureau has recorded a number of female casualties in the drone war. It almost always classes women as civilians: in the FATA region of Pakistan, where the strikes take place, reports of female militants are exceedingly rare.
